README.md, before:

# Rust gear

This is the 'gear' part of the [Rust logo], without the 'R':

<p align="center"><img height="216" width="216" alt="gear part of Rust logo" src="rust-gear-min.svg"></p>

This can be useful for creating logos for Rust-based projects (like, for example, what was done for [Lyon]).

Like the Rust logo itself, this is [CC BY 4.0] licensed: basically, as far as **copyright** is concerned, you can use or modify this for any purpose, so long as credit is given to the [Mozilla Foundation] (the original creator of the Rust logo) and [Zachary Catlin] (who created this derived graphic). However, the Rust logo is also a **trademark**, with some restrictions on how it can be used, so check the [Rust media guide] to make sure your use of this file (or a derived version thereof) is OK.

`rust-gear.svg` has a more "human-readable" layout; `rust-gear-min.svg` has been streamlined for smaller size, and is probably what you want to use in derived works.

As for how the gear was created: I started with the stock Rust logo and then used Rust forum user Aloso's [general procedure] for removing the unwanted parts of the shape, followed by some hand-editing of the resultant SVG file.

[Rust logo]: https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/media-guide#rust-trademarks
[Lyon]: https://github.com/nical/lyon
[CC BY 4.0]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[Rust media guide]: https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/media-guide
[general procedure]: https://users.rust-lang.org/t/how-to-remove-the-r-symbol-from-the-rust-symbol/25897/17
[Mozilla Foundation]: https://foundation.mozilla.org/
[Zachary Catlin]: https://github.com/zec

Commit message:

Added xi-editor logo example
I also moved the local copy of the original Rust logo into a subdirectory
and rearranged the link references in README.md into a possibly more
'functional' layout.

README.md, after:

# Rust gear

This is the 'gear' part of the [Rust logo], without the 'R':

<p align="center"><img height="216" width="216" alt="gear part of Rust logo" src="rust-gear-min.svg"></p>

This can be useful for creating logos for Rust-based projects (like, for example, what was done for [Lyon] and [xi-editor]).

Like the Rust logo itself, this is [CC BY 4.0] licensed: basically, as far as **copyright** is concerned, you can use or modify this for any purpose, so long as credit is given to the [Mozilla Foundation] (the original creator of the Rust logo) and [Zachary Catlin] (who created this derived graphic). However, the Rust logo is also a **trademark**, with some restrictions on how it can be used, so check the [Rust media guide] to make sure your use of this file (or a derived version thereof) is OK.

`rust-gear.svg` has a more "human-readable" layout; `rust-gear-min.svg` has been streamlined for smaller size, and is probably what you want to use in derived works.

As for how the gear was created: I started with the stock Rust logo and then used Rust forum user Aloso's [general procedure] for removing the unwanted parts of the shape, followed by some hand-editing of the resultant SVG file.

[Rust logo]: https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/media-guide#rust-trademarks
[Rust media guide]: https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/media-guide
[CC BY 4.0]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[Mozilla Foundation]: https://foundation.mozilla.org/
[Zachary Catlin]: https://github.com/zec
[Lyon]: https://github.com/nical/lyon
[xi-editor]: https://github.com/xi-editor/xi-editor
[general procedure]: https://users.rust-lang.org/t/how-to-remove-the-r-symbol-from-the-rust-symbol/25897/17
